[Music]
hey guys what's up and welcome back to
the small lytics youtube channel
today we have a special video i've never
done
this before we are doing a fitness
holiday guide
gift guide and i'm going to share with
you guys all of my favorite products
from fitness stuff but beyond that we'll
do a little bit of
kitchen stuff um snacks and like
stocking stuffers
we will do some beauty some just like
entertainment fun stuff
and i have some of it with me that i'll
share and then there's also stuff on
there that i just
it's like a wish list right so there's
some other stuff on there too
and and and i have a special
gift that i am giving you guys it will
be available for a limited time from
small addicts
but i'm going to save the best for last
so later in the video i will share with
you guys
the special holiday gift that you can
either buy for
a friend and gift it or a family member
or a partner
or gift to yourself for the holiday
season i'm really excited to announce
that
um so yeah that'll be at the end and
without further ado let's hop into the
fitness holiday
gift bag okay so seeing how this is a
fitness video
i'll start with some of the more fitness
gift things on the list so the first one
this one is just gonna be an all-time
favorite this is the slingshot it is a
hip circle a booty band whatever you
want to call it
thick fabric really thick and the reason
why this is on the list is because this
is like a staple that's in my gym bag
i do legs train glutes legs about two to
three times a week
and i use this for every workout whether
i'm squatting
or i'm doing leg press or i'm doing just
glue activations and the slingshot
is the original original so today
there's lots of like new fun ones but
this is the original it's
high quality i've had the same one for
almost 10 years and it's still
so stretchy and gary has used it too so
he's like
he's like put some like man muscle into
this thing and it's still not stretched
out so this is definitely on
the gift guide as a fitness
gift okay next up this was actually
gifted to me just yesterday but i was
already going to buy
something very similar for myself it's
just a running
nike running glove set and headband
well i don't like running but every
morning for the last few months i've
been jogging over to my neighbor's
apartment where she has a full
private gym and so i jog in the morning
and it's today it drops to 34 degrees
so it's like freezing already um and
this is really necessary to just keep my
hands warm obviously keep my ears warm
and i think it's a cute gift for anyone
who is doing some little jogs or walks
in the winter this winter okay
next this is a really fun gift i don't
have it with me
because it's in gary's bag and he uses
it so much he literally keeps it on
himself all day like he just has it at
work so
this is the hypervolts hyper ice massage
gun also some people call it like a
theragun
but this is in my opinion one of the
most reliable brands there's so many
knockoffs of it
um but this particular massage gun is
fantastic it's great for deep tissue
work
for breaking up some of your either
areas that are not so this is literally
just
muscle adhesions that need to be worked
out
um and it's also great for recovery so
sore muscles after a lifting
and it's also great for warming up gary
calls it the lazy bands warm up because
it helps
break up some of the muscle fibers that
are tight and loosen them so that when
you go to work out you're already you
already have some of that extra mobility
kind of
through the the theragon and this is
also
this is formerly called smr self
myofascial release but this gun in
particular is fantastic my friend
who's a doctor she uses it all the time
in her physio office she's a doctor
physical therapy
it's just one of those things in the
fitness world that's great to have
and if you lift weights or you train
it's good to have this as a recovery
tool and it's a
great gift as well okay next up is the
apple watch
and i put some bands in the gift guide
um the apple watch is great i i mostly
use it for the activity tracking so just
looking at my step count
looking at my heart rate looking at my
vo2 max there's so many metrics it's
really cool to have at the tip of your
fingers um what is that phrase the
at your fingertips yeah that's what i'm
trying to say today is a rough day you
guys i guess
so this is an awesome gift obviously to
give someone obviously
on the pricier side but there's a range
of things in the gift guide that we're
looking at today
so if you're looking to go like the
fancy route
apple watch and the band that
is for doing athletics and it's like a
silicone band
it's um great for like working out in
sweating in
highly recommend okay let's move into
kitchen appliances
so starting off really easy easy like
stocking stuffer vibes we have some
stainless steel straws i use these to
drain my protein shakes i use them
um if i'm drinking an ice matcha and
they're very easy to clean it comes with
a brush
and it's sustainable also i don't know
why but i just find it more enjoyable to
use
a straw i feel like i'm like at a
restaurant or something or like got a
starbucks if i have a straw
um so i highly highly recommend these
these are great gifts they're like
really
easy to purchase for a friend and i'm
sure that your friends would find use
for them okay this could not be
a fitness situation without a little
matcha in our lives of course
i would give everyone matcha this is
like the gift of life
to me matcha green tea this is the whole
tea leaf in case you've never heard of
it
it's it's starbucks now so you've
probably heard of it although you guys
should know
it's a fraud at starbucks it's not the
real deal
it's like a sugared up knockoff but it
still tastes like matcha
anyways matcha is an awesome gift for
maybe a little more adventurous
friend um or someone who already is very
basic
with the matcha and loves matcha jade
is my favorite brand right now i love
their
quality and their price is really good
so this is a great
thing to give to a friend who enjoys tea
or coffee
or is just curious about matcha okay
next up is
the hydro flask this is a water bottle
that is
incredibly versatile and incredibly
effective at keeping something cold or
hot for a long freaking time
you can put ice in here and there will
be ice in it tomorrow without putting it
in the refrigerator
and you can also put something hot in it
and it will stay hot
forever like scalding so don't put
anything too hot in there like
one time i made a matcha i put it in
here and i couldn't drink it for three
hours so it's that
good but it's also very durable you can
go hiking with it
obviously there's some wear and tear on
mine just from putting it in my
bike holder and stuff but gary and i
each have
a bunch of these in our cabinet and we
use them
for traveling for for activity it's
a very very high quality water bottle
great gift
and we have something related this
cup i put this on instagram it's from
amazon
everyone asked me where i got it so i
figured i put in the holiday guide this
is
just a insulated glass cup and
it looks great in photographs and also
looks great when you're drinking
something sometimes i'll make lattes
with this i'll just drink water out of
it just makes a little more fun
but they're really cute and a great gift
to
give to a friend okay so these were just
sent to me but i
absolutely love them and i think they'd
make a great gift
these are jojo's chocolates they are a
very low ingredient meaning unprocessed
natural type of treat and they are very
low in sugar there's 2.5 grams of sugar
per bite
which i think is great you don't get
like that energy crash after having one
of these
where you just like want more sugar you
don't feel like that but it's also not
super bitter like a really really dark
chocolate it's like they sweetened it
with
something else i believe let's see no
they didn't it just
tastes really freaking good um but great
gift for the chocolate lovers and
the like organic lovers highly recommend
and another chocolate thing on the gift
guide
is justin's peanut butter cups i love
anything by justin's they're peanut
butter they're almond butter
they're chocolate all of it is good
great stocking stuffer
okay moving into some kitchen appliances
i could not go a day
this sounds ridiculous i could probably
go a day without it but
my milk frother which i use to make my
matcha lattes
obviously we don't have a lot of us
don't have access to
an entire cafe situation like where
they're frothing milk with one of those
fancy things
but you can just get the electronic
whisk and
put it in your almond milk heat up
almond milk put it in your almond milk
and it will create foam so you can make
a latte at home and it's like
totally changed my morning routine i
love that i can have what feels like a
cafe
latte just by using this little
electronic whisk so that's a really
great stocking stuffer for coffee lovers
tea lovers whatever
i also put in the guide i recently got a
food processor that was
fairly affordable i think it was like 50
bucks
and it's really small so you can't make
a lot of
you know you can't make anything like
a meal for a lot of people in it but if
you're cooking for yourself it's great
for making
dressings making like shakes that have
chocolate and something it has to like
cut it up obviously it's a food
processor so it can grind up anything
but
it's kind of helped me get my next edge
on meal prepping
creating more at home things that i
couldn't with just my bullet
because if you have a bullet like a
nutribullet or something you turn it
upside down it doesn't really grind up
it can't do
things that a food processor processor
would do so there's a mini food
processor in the holiday guide
and then also i added the waffle maker i
recently got
i've been really into making birch
bender's protein waffles and i got this
all natural waffle maker i did a lot of
research on this waffle maker i wanted
to make sure it was all natural and
didn't have the
harmful chemicals that are found in like
the non-stick situation
so this waffle maker has been awesome
i've been
really loving my post-workout meals and
highly recommend it
and it's fun it's like a fun gift to
give someone a like a waffle maker i
don't know i
i would like that gift so i put it in
there okay we're gonna move into some of
the more
beauty-esque maybe hygiene
stuff first up is drunk elephant
face wash it's their jelly cleanser i'm
almost out actually i've been using this
for two years it is
such a good facial cleanser i use it in
the morning and i use it at night
and it feels great on the skin it's very
gentle
i have no trouble with it and i do have
sensitive skin
so i love this cleanser and drunk
elephant in general anything from drunk
elephant would be a great gift for one
of your girlfriends it's
a great brand they're very popular and
they have really great ingredients so
highly recommend this and then for any
of your friends who
are up for this adventure i i was it
last year it was about a year and a half
ago i
switched from normal cvs brands
deodorant or just like deodorant you
could get in the stores
to all natural deodorant that does not
have the
aluminum in it and other things
like parabens and whatnot and in case
you guys haven't
researched this before switching to all
natural deodorant is not
for the for the week it's not for the
week
it is like this smells so good by the
way it is
a process that takes about a month where
you kind of detox and go through a
period where you smell
like really bad but quarantine and
pandemic is a good time to do this
because we're not hanging out with
everybody on a regular basis
and it takes about a month so if you
want to give the gift of
armpit health to your friend i highly
recommend this natural deodorant when i
went through this process i tried like
100 natural deodorants and i did not
like
most of them this is the only one they
have
one in my holiday guide that i've linked
that's great
i also really love this one on their
website which is the probiotic
formula it just smells really fresh and
it's been a godsend so this is um this
is a nice gift if your friend
has talked about doing a little
all-natural switcheroo
and wants to wants to do it during this
time
of cobit okay moving on to some
fragrances so my favorite fragrance of
all time is alien by
and i literally can never pronounce her
name oh terry muggler
i'm probably totally butchering it but
i've worn this for like
over 10 years if you've ever smelled it
it smells freaking incredible
it's a more of a strong scent um but it
smells amazing and people compliment
me on it all the time i've gone and
tried other fragrances and i always come
back to this so this is a great
fragrance
and there's also another fragrance
sampler in the gift guide
which is nest uh fragrances from nest i
love wild poppy from them
i'm a big scent person like smells
really important to me so
um i think their sampler would be a
really nice gift so someone can like try
all of their scents and see what they
like
or if you already have a friend that
likes his fragrance or likes a very
kind of unique this is a floral it's a
floral fragrance
it's strong but it's not overly girly
it's like a little musky i don't know
i'm not
i'm not using the right terms here but
you guys this is a really good perfume
okay on the entertainment side of things
i put in the guide
the nintendo switch which i don't talk
about video games on my channel much
because i'm not a gamer but i do love
this console i
didn't grow up playing video games but
when i got a little bit older
my uncle gave my family the ps
it must have been like one the
playstation and um
my mom only let us keep it because it
had a dvd player in it so that was like
our sneaky me and my sister our sneaky
way into getting video games
and i loved them i fell in love with
video games
i don't spend a lot of time because
obviously i'm building small letters and
i have a business that i run
we have our first employee now and we
have lots to do
but on my down time i have loved
playing the switch it's super versatile
you can like
take it anywhere and animal crossing in
particular
is such a favorite you guys have
probably seen it on the internet at this
point if you're not playing it yourself
it is
such a great pastime it's a very chill
game you just
like flip an island it's awesome it's a
great gift and i
linked the nintendo switch light
which is cheaper and i guess it the
difference is it doesn't hook up to a tv
it's just handheld i believe um and i
mostly use this handheld anyway so
that's an awesome gift if you're looking
for something like a little more
elevated
more for yourself and we
will finish it off with a book this
isn't by any means
the best book you'll ever read in my
opinion but it is very popular
and it is a good positive feel good book
which we all need right now and this is
uh you are badass by jen
cincero cincero it is a feel good book
it makes you feel empowered af it makes
you feel like you can do anything
and that you're a strong attack and that
you have all the answers inside you and
who doesn't want to read a book like
that it's very it's a very empowering
bossy kind of book um highly recommend
very quick read easy to read good
stories so this is a good gift to give a
friend
as well especially a girlfriend if they
haven't read it already
i'm just pulling up my computer right
now because there's other things in the
gift guide but you have to go check it
out
the link in the description below will
bring you to the full
gift guide we have some like planners we
have
oh my god you guys there is a chunky
yes like c-h-o-n-k-y chunky knit
that i really want it's like this
blanket
thick knit just go check it out
that would be definitely on a holiday
gift guide there's like some cheese
boards
a really plain solid gold chain
some four sigmatic cacao mix which is
delicious
there's some other things so go check
that out slippers the slippers i'm
wearing right now
they're in there so it's a fun list go
check it out
now you guys we have made it to the end
and i promised that i would be sharing
with you a special holiday gift from
small lettuce
that would be available for a limited
time and that is going to be
petite power self-guided will be
available on black friday
at a reduced price and if you don't know
what petit powerself guide it is
this is the exact same thing as the
petite power program
minus all of the coaching and the
support and accountability
so you do it on your own it's like
self-guided auto tutorial vibes
at a super fraction of the price since
you're doing it on your own you won't
have our support
but if you're the type of person who
already knows oh
i would like to do a program but do it
on my own i don't need dietitians i
don't need accountability i don't need
coaching
then this is the version of the program
that will be
perfect for you it's not ever available
throughout the year at any other
time this is the only time we're going
to be giving it
to you guys so if you would like to sign
up for that you absolutely can on black
friday
put it in your calendar and make sure
that you hop on our email list
below to be notified it's only going to
be going out to our email list
petite power self guide is also an
amazing gift for
if a dude is watching this for some
reason your girlfriend or a friend
to do it with a friend because you guys
can do it together
and it's a great time right now to just
get a step ahead of your goals
for 2021 and just go into the holidays
feeling good
you know like go into the holidays
feeling fit and like you can enjoy your
food but also be
making gains and moving towards your
goals so
this program will help you do that
includes the fitness and nutrition it
includes 12 weeks of our app
which would be awesome for you to have
and meal plans
shopping lists it's the whole education
of the petite power program tailored to
the petite female body type
just remove the interaction and the
coaching elements
and you do it yourself so that will be
available
for black friday i cannot wait for you
guys to see this and get your hands on
it it's also just
oh it's going to be great last year we
made this available on black friday and
we got
such a positive response so we're making
it available again
and that concludes our holiday fitness
gift guide i hope you guys loved this
let me know what you're most keen about
either for
buying as a gift or for yourself in the
comments below
and i will see you guys next week have
an awesome
monday and chat soon
[Music]
you